Adds CSS frameworks docs in the new structure (#1365)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/project/css-frameworks.md

---
title: CSS Frameworks
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Tailwind

> To enable support for Tailwind in your project, you need to add two config files—[`tailwind.config.cjs`](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration#configuration-options) and `postcss.config.cjs`—to the root directory. With these files present, Wasp installs the necessary dependencies and copies your configuration to the generated project. You can then use [Tailwind CSS directives](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/functions-and-directives#directives) in your CSS and Tailwind classes on your React components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable support for Tailwind in your project, you need to add two config files — [`tailwind.config.cjs`](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration#configuration-options) and `postcss.config.cjs`— to the root directory. 

With these files present, Wasp installs the necessary dependencies and copies your configuration to the generated project. You can then use [Tailwind CSS directives](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/functions-and-directives#directives) in your CSS and Tailwind classes on your React components.
```

```bash title="tree ." {13-14}
.
├── main.wasp
├── src
│   ├── client
│   │   ├── tsconfig.json
│   │   ├── Main.css
│   │   ├── MainPage.js
│   │   └── waspLogo.png
│   ├── server
│   │   └── tsconfig.json
│   └── shared
│       └── tsconfig.json
├── postcss.config.cjs
└── tailwind.config.cjs
```

:::tip Tailwind not working?
If you can not use Tailwind after adding the required config files, make sure to restart `wasp start`. This is sometimes needed to ensure that Wasp picks up the changes and enables Tailwind integration.
:::

### Enabling Tailwind Step-by-Step

:::caution

> Make sure to use the `.cjs` extension for these config files! If you name them with a `.js` extension, Wasp will not enable Tailwind integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to use the `.cjs` extension for these config files. If you name them with a `.js` extension, Wasp won't detect them.
```

:::

1. Add `./tailwind.config.cjs`.

  ```js title="./tailwind.config.cjs"
  /** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
  module.exports = {
    content: [ "./src/**/*.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}" ],
    theme: {
      extend: {},
    },
    plugins: [],
  }
  ```

2. Add `./postcss.config.cjs`.

  ```js title="./postcss.config.cjs"
  module.exports = {
    plugins: {
      tailwindcss: {},
      autoprefixer: {},
    },
  }
  ```

3. Import Tailwind into your CSS file. For example, in a new project you might import Tailwind into `Main.css`.

>   ```css title="./src/client/Main.css {1-3}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```css title="./src/client/Main.css" {1-3}
```
